Support for plone.app.discussion as core add-on (#1781)
plone/plone.restapi: docs/source/endpoints/comments.md

# Comments

> ```{note}

Reviewer: I created a PR to unify instructions and which can be referenced here and in the `plone.restapi` upgrade guide, but it needs details.

https://github.com/plone/documentation/pull/1666

Let's change this entire `note` block with the following. Would you please also duplicate it in the [`plone.restapi` upgrade guide](https://6.docs.plone.org/plone.restapi/docs/source/upgrade-guide.html) as part of this PR?

````
```{versionchanged} 6.1
Discussion is disabled by default in Plone 6.1 and later.
To enable discussion, see the Plone 6.1 upgrade guide section {ref}`backend-upgrade-plone-v61-discussion-label`
```
````

Author: I think this is more for the Plone 6.1 upgrade guide, since it is not because of RestAPI. I have no good idea how to describe it there nor is it a breaking change for RestAPI. 
I would add a section to the https://github.com/plone/documentation/blob/6.0/docs/backend/upgrading/version-specific-migration/upgrade-to-61.md page.
Whats do you think?

Reviewer: I was way ahead of you in https://github.com/plone/documentation/pull/1666/files 😁 

I think that references to the main docs are not required, but they would be a good thing to do. Imagine someone jumping into the REST API docs, and there is no note about this change. *sad trombone*

Discussion is disabled by default in Plone 6.1 and later.

> To enable discussion, see the Plone 6.1 upgrade guide section {ref}`backend-upgrade-plone-v61-discussion-label`

Author: > Do we want to add this to the Plone REST API upgrade guide as well?

This is required not only for Restapi, it is valid for backend too. So I think we do not need to mention it here. It is an effect we only have In Plone 6.1 - if one uses Restapi in 6.0 they need to do nothing.

> To enable discussion, see the Plone 6.1 upgrade guide section {ref}`backend-upgrade-plone-v61-discussion-label`

Reviewer: I think you meant Plone REST API 9.0, but that makes sense. Let's merge this.

```

> Plone offers to users a feature to post comments on any content object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Discussion is a feature that allows your site visitors to comment on web pages for any content object.
```
